Aniekan Amah

+1(438)-925-4460
mhaniekan@yahoo.com,
33 Creekside Blvd SW,
Calgary, Alberta, T2X 4P3.

Profile

● Passion for Cyber Security, Programming, Data Engineering, Research and Resilient Systems
● Experience in DevSecOps technologies for improved security tooling

Summary of skills

Technical

Linux, Windows OS

● System Administration and Support
●
● Docker, GCP, AWS
● Network Security

● Golang,Python, Shell, REST api
● Ansible, Terraform, Demisto(xSOAR)
● CISSP
● Kafka

Soft Skills

● Quick Learner & thinker
● Excellent team player

● Great Communication skills
● Excellent interpersonal skills

Education
Master of Engineering, Information Systems Security
Concordia University, Montreal, Canada.
Cloud computing security and privacy, Security methodologies and evaluation, Operating Systems
Security, Database security and privacy and several others

2017–2018

Bachelor of Engineering, Computer Engineering (First class honors)
Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.
Computer Security, Research Methodology, Project Management, to mention a few

2014

Work Experience

Security Engineer, SOC Automation/DevSecOps
Enbridge Inc, Canada

June 2020 - present

● Primary lead engineer for automating Tier1 SOC analysts operations utilizing Demisto/xSOAR

and custom tooling developed in golang and python.

● xSOAR playbook development and refactoring integration code to align with Enbridge specific

use-cases and operating environment

● DevSecOps tooling pipeline integration to ensure proactive security risk management

Security Engineer, Tooling and Automation
Morgan Stanley, Canada

August 2018 - May 2020

● Security infrastructure tooling, orchestration and automation utilizing Demisto/xSOAR,

Terraform and Ansible.

● Consult/Advisory with other development

teams on security architecture, developed
security-related automation and tooling, and advocate to ensure security is prioritized across
Morgan Stanley’s infrastructure.

● Designed and built solutions to complex security operational problems that leverage both open

source projects and Morgan Stanley’s production infrastructure(cloud and on-prem)
● DevSecOps tooling pipeline integration to ensure proactive security risk management
● Web Application security testing and code review

Cyber Security Analyst intern
Innovation Center, D3 Labs, Concordia University

May – August 2017

● Built a two factor web authentication system for access management to shared computer
terminals in an industrial plant which resulted in a fast and efficient user utilization of the shared
terminals.

Security Research and Development Engineer
ipNX Nigeria Limited, Lagos, Nigeria

Dec 2015– Dec 2016

● Installed, configured and managed an Enterprise Backup Application (Bareos) for all systems and

servers of the organization.

● Configured and deployed electronic document and records management system for the

organization.

● Deployment and management of OpenStack open source cloud computing software for the

organization.

